edit the docs readme (#2352)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: README.md

# Writing content

> We author content using Markdown and sometimes HTML. When writing content, refer to the [style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [content types](/contributing/content-types.md) to help you understand our writing standards and how we break down information in the product documentation. The dbt Labs Docs team will actively edit or write content, not just give editorial reviews, and we highly encourage your contributions in the true open-source spirit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt Labs docs are written in Markdown and sometimes HTML. When writing content, refer to the [style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [content types](/contributing/content-types.md) to help you understand our writing standards and how we break down information in the product documentation. 
```

Reviewer: suggs:

- try to avoid using "we" in techdocs. "we" is ambiguous and can make it harder to translate content: is it the we as in dbt Labs, is it the we as in the reader and the author, or is it we as in everyone? 
- keep content focused on the style guide and contributing process to the dbt Labs docs (vs the Docs team and what the team does)
- "Contributing" section above talks about contributions

> We author content using Markdown and sometimes HTML. When writing content, you should refer to the [style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [content types](/contributing/content-types.md) to help you understand our writing standards and how we break down information in the product documentation. The dbt Labs Docs team will actively edit or write content, not just give editorial reviews and we highly encourage your contributions in the true open-source spirit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We author content using Markdown and sometimes HTML. When writing content, refer to the [style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [content types](/contributing/content-types.md) to help you understand our writing standards and how we break down information in the product documentation. The dbt Labs Docs team will actively edit or write content, not just give editorial reviews, and we highly encourage your contributions in the true open-source spirit.
```

Reviewer 2: This is great Mirna, thank you for adding more meat to this section.

## SME and editorial reviews

All PRs that are submitted will be reviewed by the dbt Labs Docs team for editorial review.

> Content that is submitted by our users, and the open-source community are also reviewed by our dbt Labs subject matter experts (SMEs) to help ensure technical accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content that is submitted by our users and the open-source community are also reviewed by our dbt Labs subject matter experts (SMEs) to help ensure technical accuracy.
```

Reviewer: sugg:

https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#Oxford-comma when there are 3 or more items
